# WatchLink ECG Data Parser
This repository contains tools for parsing ECG data from PDFs generated by Apple Watch and Pixel Watch. The scripts extracts ECG signal data and visualize the parsed data. The repository includes example files for testing and development.


## Requirements
Before running the parsers, make sure you have all the required packages installed. You can set up your environment using `requirements.txt`.

To set up your environment and install the necessary dependencies, run the following command:

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

## How to Run
The repository includes two main parsers: one for Apple Watch ECG PDFs and another for Pixel Watch ECG PDFs. Two example PDF files (apple_1_Hz.pdf and pixel_1_Hz.pdf) are included for testing purposes. You can replace them with your own ECG PDFs to parse your data.


### Apple Watch ECG Parser

To run the Apple Watch ECG parser:

`python apple_parser.py`


### Pixel Watch ECG Parser
To run the Pixel Watch ECG parser:

`python pixel_parser.py`


## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you find any bugs or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue or create a pull request.


## License
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2024 Anandghan Waghmare

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Contact
For any inquiries or issues, please contact Anandghan Waghmare at anandw@uw.edu.